Web-based products
Search tools
Google Search – a web search engine and Google's core product.
Google Alerts – an email notification service that sends alerts based on chosen search terms whenever it finds new results. Alerts include web results, Google Groups results, news and videos.
Google Assistant – a virtual assistant.
Gemini – a conversational generative artificial intelligence chatbot.
Google Books – a search engine for books.
Google Dataset Search – allows searching for datasets in data repositories and local and national government websites.
Google Flights – a search engine for flight tickets.
Google Images – a search engine for images online.
Google Shopping – a search engine to search for products across online shops.
Google Travel – a trip planner service.
Google Videos – a search engine for videos.
Google Lens is an image recognition technology
Groupings of articles, creative works, documents, or media
Google Arts & Culture – an online platform to view artworks and cultural artifacts.
Google Books – a website that lists published books and hosts a large, searchable selection of scanned books.
Google Finance – searchable US business news, opinions, and financial data.
Google News – automated news compilation service and search engine for news in more than 20 languages.
Google Patents – a search engine to search through millions of patents, each result with its own page, including drawings, claims and citations.
Google Scholar – a search engine for the full text of scholarly literature across an array of publishing formats and scholarly fields. Includes virtually all peer-reviewed journals.
YouTube – a video hosting website.
Advertising services
Google Ads – an online advertising platform.
AdMob – a mobile advertising network.
Google AdSense – a contextual advertising program for web publishers that delivers text-based advertisements that are relevant to site content pages.
Google Ad Manager – an advertisement exchange platform.
Google Marketing Platform – an online advertising and analytics platform.
Google Tag Manager (2023)[1]– a tag management system to manage JavaScript and HTML tags, including web beacons, for web tracking and analytics.
Local Service Ads - an online advertising platform for lead generations that provide local businesses with a Google guaranteed green check mark.[2]
Communication and publishing tools
Blogger – a weblog publishing tool.
FeedBurner – a tool in web feed management services, including feed traffic analysis and advertising facilities.
Google Chat – an instant messaging software with the capability of creating multi-user "rooms".
Google Saved – a collections app.
Google Classroom – a content management system for schools that aids in the distribution and grading of assignments and provides in-class communication.
Google Fonts – a webfont hosting service.
Google Groups – an online discussion service that also offers Usenet access.
Google Meet – a video conferencing platform.
Google Voice – a VoIP system that provides a phone number that can be forwarded to actual phone lines.
Productivity tools
Google products and services for productivity software.

Gmail – an email service.
Google Account – controls how a user appears and presents themselves on Google products.
Google Calendar – an online calendar with Gmail integration, calendar sharing and a "quick add" function to create events using natural language.
Google Charts – an interactive, web-based chart image generation from user-supplied JavaScript.
Google Docs Editors – a productivity office suite with document collaboration and publishing capabilities. Tightly integrated with Google Drive.
Google Docs – a document editing software.
Google Sheets – a spreadsheet editing software.
Google Slides – a presentation editing software.
Google Drawings – a diagramming software.
Google Forms – a survey software.
Google Sites – a webpage creation and publication tool.
Google Keep – a note-taking service.
Google Drive – a file hosting service with synchronisation option; tightly integrated with Google Docs Editors.
Google Translate – a service that allows carrying out machine translation of any text or web page between pairs of languages.
Map-related products
Google Maps – mapping service that indexes streets and displays satellite and street-level imagery, providing directions and local business search.
Google My Maps – a social custom map making tool based on Google Maps.
Google Earth – virtual 3D globe that uses satellite imagery, aerial photography, GIS from Google's repository.
Google Mars – imagery of Mars using the Google Maps interface. Elevation, visible imagery and infrared imagery can be shown.
Google Moon – NASA imagery of the moon through the Google Maps interface.
Google Street View – provides interactive panoramas from positions along many streets in the world.
Google Sky – view planets, stars and galaxies.
Google Santa Tracker – simulates tracking Santa Claus on Christmas Eve.
Statistical tools
Google Analytics – a traffic statistics generator for defined websites, with Google Ads integration. Webmasters can optimize ad campaigns, based on the statistics. Analytics are based on the Urchin software.
Google Ngram Viewer – charts year-by-year frequencies of any set of comma-delimited strings in Google's text corpora.
Google Public Data Explorer – a public data and forecasts from international organizations and academic institutions including the World Bank, OECD, Eurostat and the University of Denver.
TensorFlow – a machine learning service that simplifies designing neural networks in an easier and more visible fashion.
Google Trends – a graphing application for Web Search statistics, showing the popularity of particular search terms over time. Multiple terms can be shown at once, and Results can be displayed by city, region or language. Related news stories are shown. Has a sub-section that shows popularity of websites over time.
Google Activity Report – a monthly report including statistics about a user's Google usage, such as sign-in, third party authentication changes, Gmail usage, calendar, search history and YouTube.
Looker Studio – an online tool for converting data into customizable informative reports and dashboards.
Business-oriented products
Google Workspace – a suite of web applications for businesses, education providers and nonprofits that include customizable versions of several Google products accessible through a custom domain name. Services include, but are not limited to, Gmail, Google Contacts, Google Calendar, Google Docs Editors, Google Sites, Google Meet, Google Chat, Google Cloud Search, and more. One Google workspace exclusive product is Google Vault.[3]
Google Business Profile – a listing service that allows business owners to create and verify their own business data including address, phone number, business category and photos.
Google Tables (beta) – Business workflow automation tool.
Healthcare related products
Google ARDA project – stand for automated retinal disease assessment. It is an AI tool to help doctors detect retinal disease.
Google Care Studio – tool for clinicians to search, browse and see highlights across a patient's broader electronic health record.
Google Fit – health-tracking platform.
Health Connect (beta) – Android platform which help health and fitness apps to use the same on-device data, within a unified ecosystem.[4]
Developer tools
Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) – an open-source project and service to accelerate content on mobile devices.[5][6][7] AMP provides a JavaScript library for developers and restricts the use of third-party JS.[8]
Google App Engine – write and run web applications.
Google Developers – open source code and lists of API services. Provided project hosting for free and open source software until 2016.
Dart – a structured web programming language.
Flutter – a mobile cross platform development tool for Android and iOS.
Go – a compiled, concurrent programming language.
OpenSocial – APIs for building social applications on many websites.
Google PageSpeed Tools – optimize webpage performance.
Google Web Toolkit – an open source Java software development framework that allows web developers to create Ajax applications in Java.
Google Search Console Sitemap – submission and analysis for the Sitemaps protocol.
GN – meta-build system generating Ninja build configurations. Replaced GYP in Chromium.[9]
Gerrit – a code collaboration tool.
Googletest – testing framework in C++.[10]
Bazel – a build system.
FlatBuffers – a serialization library.
Protocol Buffers – a serialization library similar to FlatBuffers.
Shaderc – tools and library for compiling HLSL or GLSL into SPIRV.
American fuzzy lop – a security-oriented fuzzer.
Google Guava – core libraries for Java.
Google Closure Tools – JavaScript tools.
Google Collaboratory – write Python code using a Jupyter notebook.
Security tools
reCAPTCHA – a user-dialogue system used to prevent bots from accessing websites.
Google Safe Browsing – a blacklist service for web resources that contain malware or phishing content.
Titan – a security hardware chip.[11][12]
Titan Security Key – a U2F security token.[13]
Titan M – used in Pixel smartphones starting with the Pixel 3.[14]
Titan M2 – successor starting with the Pixel 6 based on RISC-V[15]
Titan C – used in Google-made Chromebooks such as the Pixel Slate.[16]
Operating systems
Android – a Linux-based operating system for mobile devices such as smartphones and tablet computers by Google and the Open Handset Alliance.
Wear OS – a version of Android designed for smartwatches and other wearable items.
Android Auto – a version of Android made for automobiles by Google.
Android TV – a version of Android made for smart TVs.
Google Cast – a version of Google Cast which powers some Google Nest devices.
ChromeOS – a Linux-based operating system for web applications.[17]
Fitbit OS – an operating system for Fitbit devices.
Fuchsia – an operating system based on the Zircon kernel.
Desktop applications
AdWords Editor – desktop application to manage a Google AdWords account; lets users make changes to their account and advertising campaigns before synchronizing with the online service.
Drive File Stream – file synchronisation software that works with the business edition of Google Drive.
Google Chrome – a web browser.
Google IME – input method editor that allows users to enter text in one of the supported languages using a Roman keyboard.[18]
Google Japanese Input – Japanese input method editor.
Android Studio – integrated development environment for Android.
Google Web Designer – WYSIWYG editor for making rich HTML5 pages and ads intended to run on multiple devices.
Backup and Sync – client software to synchronize files between the user's computer and Google Drive storage.
Tilt Brush – painting game for the Vive and Oculus Rift.
Google Trends Screensaver – a screensaver showing the Google Trends in a customizable colorful grid for macOS.
Chrome Remote Desktop – desktop and browser application to remotely access another Windows, Mac, or Linux system.
